looks like she grew up this summer
what's up Amy
now he's sorry yeah what do you think
mom don't okay
you look incredible hey mama sickness
it's not simple norris and easy matter
to explain let's just leave it at that
she says and closes the holy book of
lies she covers her eyes talk about it
when I get back okay call me after
school you can go shopping
one two three go today give you some
more
know you can really help me if I left
here hey boys
the four-day she's starting to scare me
he can get more piercing instead of your
shirt I mean business
his clothes should not be amazing any
promise me
nice but Joe Brady house the halfway
house the same as the last one
attraction how do you explain 806 $1 in
your purse we jacked it okay Traci was
playing berries before she really
starting to finish it no bra no pants
she needs help that what is the problem
in a nutshell I love you and your
brother more than anything in the world
whoa is going on
when I was her age
I know how hard it is
you